{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Terrence Talbot}
{\*\company Karelia Software}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13140\viewh13940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
Welcome to the Sandvox Plugin SDK!\
\
This package, along with our documentation website, should be enough to get you started on building your own custom Sandvox plugins. 
\b Cocoa programming knowledge is required.
\b0 \
\
There are two kinds of plugins in Sandvox:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Elements (these are for pages and/or pagelets)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Indexes (ways of listing the contents of a collection)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The most common type, by far, is an Element. For this reason, we have included an Xcode project template. If you install this in the right place, it will be easy to create a new template from scratch. Just put the included folder "Sandvox Element" into 
\i ~/Library/Application Support/Developer/Shared/Xcode/Project Templates/.
\i0  (Please note that you may have to create some of these intermediate folders.) Once installed, choosing "New Project\'85" in Xcode will show Sandvox Element as one of your project choices.\
\
We have included the source code to most of our own plugins in this package. Please note that these will not build "out of the box" because these projects all point to our own Xcode configuration (".xcconfig") files which we share among all plugins. You will have to provide one of your own, such as those found in the project template we include here.\
\
The documentation is online:\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://docs.karelia.com/z/Sandvox_Developers_Guide.html"}}{\fldrslt http://docs.karelia.com/z/Sandvox_Developers_Guide.html}}\
\
Between the documentation/reference and these examples, you should be able to see how to build one of your own. Let us know if you have created a new plugin that you can share so we can help tell the world about it!\
\
Change from Sandvox 1.2 SDK:\
You link directly against the Sandvox application itself. The KTComponents.framework is gone: all of its classes have been folded directly into Sandvox.\
\
Change from Sandvox 1.5 SDK:\
Change the method signature of the Data Source methods to pass in a parameter indicating whether the item being dragged-dropped is a pagelet or not, so your element code can behave differently.\
\
\
}